README.md, before:

# Kaggle2Sigma
    - Trello: https://trello.com/kaggle2sigma
    - Google Drive: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1pW6ZFw9es4CLpMq67rbtjhxD20LBLmGH?usp=sharing

## Utilities
    -How to Google Colab with kaggle: https://medium.com/@move37timm/using-kaggle-api-for-google-colaboratory-d18645f93648

## Project Plan
1. Brain-storming ideas and research for relevant techniques and resources
2. Baseline models
3. Implementation of ideas and experiments
4. Consolidation
5. (1)-(4) iterations

## 1. Ideas & Research

- Stocks similarity:
    - stocks embedding: coocurence? Price correlations?
    - Entity tagging: https://spacy.io/api/

- News Summarisation:
    - word/document embeddings: word2vec, fasttext, NNLM - google news, universal sentence encoder
    - attention mechanism: certain stocks paying attention to certain news
    - Convolution embedding

- Quantify stock price:
    - Time series features engineering: 
        - Reference to EEG detection challenge:http://blog.kaggle.com/2015/10/05/grasp-and-lift-eeg-detection-winners-interview-3rd-place-team-hedj/
    - Percentage changes
    - Price trend: smoothed gradient, moving average etc.
    - Volatility: price variations

- Possible Models:
    Two predictive elements: 
        - News
        - Price Records

    - encoder-decoder RNN structure: F(newsEmbedding,priceRecords)->priceForeCasts
    - Simple regression model: Regressor(Features(news,priceRecord))

Commit message:

Added Additional information
- Link to a larger experimental dataset exported from kernel for development on local machine

README.md, after:

# Kaggle2Sigma
About this competition read the link: https://www.kaggle.com/c/two-sigma-financial-news
Which include explanation to the competition and the data.

For the project, these sources are setup for use.
    - Trello: https://trello.com/kaggle2sigma
    - Google Drive: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1pW6ZFw9es4CLpMq67rbtjhxD20LBLmGH?usp=sharing
    - Slack: https://pythonnmlinterest.slack.com/messages/CDLF9UR4M/

## Datasets
https://www.kaggle.com/c/two-sigma-financial-news/data

To fetch a larger dataset for experiment and local development:
https://www.kaggle.com/ckpoon19890129/experimental-data-download/output?scriptVersionId=6755809

## Utilities
    -How to Google Colab with kaggle: https://medium.com/@move37timm/using-kaggle-api-for-google-colaboratory-d18645f93648
    -The submission will be in the form of kaggle kernel: https://www.kaggle.com/docs/kernels#types-of-kernels
    -To load the data and making submission: https://www.kaggle.com/dster/two-sigma-news-official-getting-started-kernel

## Project Plan
1. Brain-storming ideas and research for relevant techniques and resources
2. Baseline models
3. Implementation of ideas and experiments
4. Consolidation
5. (1)-(4) iterations

## 1. Ideas & Research

- Stocks similarity:
    - stocks embedding: coocurence? Price correlations?
    - Entity tagging: https://spacy.io/api/

- News Summarisation:
    - word/document embeddings: word2vec, fasttext, NNLM - google news, universal sentence encoder
    - attention mechanism: certain stocks paying attention to certain news
    - Convolution embedding

- Quantify stock price:
    - Time series features engineering: 
        - Reference to EEG detection challenge:http://blog.kaggle.com/2015/10/05/grasp-and-lift-eeg-detection-winners-interview-3rd-place-team-hedj/
    - Percentage changes
    - Price trend: smoothed gradient, moving average etc.
    - Volatility: price variations

- Possible Models:
    Two predictive elements: 
        - News
        - Price Records

    - seq2seq encoder-decoder RNN structure: F(newsEmbedding,priceRecords)->priceForeCasts
    - Simple regression model: Regressor(Features(news,priceRecord)) 
    - seq2seq model: https://github.com/Arturus/kaggle-web-traffic/blob/master/how_it_works.md
